# jamusic-application-server
This is the application server software for the Jamusic project.<br/>
After quickly verifying their phone number via an SMS verification code, users are provided with information regarding artists and their artworks. They can listen to music from different genres and after a little bit of playing, the system provides them with recommendations based on their taste. To do so, the history of user's activities is stored locally on their device and then synchronized with the server (this is to avoid missing activities when their device is offline). They can also create playlists, file bug reports regarding technical bugs or content-related issues, manage their profile info, change or recover their password, etc. There are image-based promotion links that are controlled by administrators.<br/>
Technical bug reports are assigned to the head administrator while content-related issues are assigned to the administrator that created the artist/album/song. Users can view the state of their reports.<br/>
The notification sub-system aims to further engage users by enabling the administrators to schedule time-based notifications of different types (SMS, FCM, and email) so that different groups of users can be targeted.<br/>
The project is developed using pure Java for learning purposes. It's consisted of several sub-systems which are responsible for different aspects of the whole system. Many DDD patterns and techniques are employed. Though the data source of the system is shared among all sub-systems different pieces of data are mapped in each sub-system as if it's not.<br/>
<b>I have a little demo uploaded on my LinkedIn profile. Check it out!</b><br/>
<a>https://www.linkedin.com/posts/amirh715_jamusicis-an-online-music-web-app-you-can-activity-6925351760450478080-84mm?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_android</a>
